Owner, what you said is true
500 billion.
It's hard to achieve a GDP of not 100 billion a year.
So that's it.
Well, originally I wanted to be a water fetcher
But the owner's sincerity is so great
It seems that I can't stay in the game
Say
Then tell me everything you know.
Don't hide anything
Please rest assured.
I can pour beans into a bamboo tube
Guaranteed not to miss at all
Say it quickly
No.
Brother, you are back.
I just finished it, hurry up
Everything is checked out
This villain is strong
Ouyang Feilong
Why do you always cling to Fang Shiqiang?
Yes, my brother liked me
But I'm married to you now.
I already recognize him as a brother
That's my brother!
Mingyan, do you know why?
Sanjutong chose you.
Do you know your story better matches Mrs. Chen?
Why is that?